Document ManagedOSVersion/ManagedOSVersionChannel (#314)
rancher/elemental-docs: versioned_docs/version-1.2/managedosversionchannel-reference.md

```yaml title="managedosversionchannel-example.yaml" showLineNumbers
apiVersion: elemental.cattle.io/v1beta1
kind: ManagedOSVersionChannel
metadata:
  name: elemental-channel
  namespace: fleet-default
spec:
  options:
    image: registry.suse.com/rancher/elemental-channel:1.2.5
  syncInterval: 1h
  type: custom
```

#### ManagedOSVersionChannelSpec reference

| Key              | Type   | Default value | Description                                                                  |
|------------------|--------|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| options          | object | null          | Defines the optional informations that can be added in an OS channel         |
| syncInterval     | string | empty         | Defines when to update the OS channel                                        |
| type             | string | empty         | Defines the channel type, only `custom` is supported now                     |
| upgradeContainer | object | null          | An upgrade container that can be defined. See [reference](#upgradecontainer) |

#### upgradeContainer

> This allows to overwrite the default `upgrade` container executing the upgrade job on a node.
> 
> `upgradeContainer` is mapped to a `v1.ContainerSpec` object (defined as part of [System Upgrade Controller](https://github.com/rancher/system-upgrade-controller)), which will be used as the upgrade field in an eventual System Upgrade Controller Plan created by the elemental-operator when upgrading to a `ManagedOSVersion` defined from this channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows to overwrite the default `upgrade` field of System Upgrade Controller plans (see 
[upgrade compontents](/upgrade-lifecycle.md#components)) based on any ManagedOSVersion from this ManagedOSVersionChannel. These keys  
are translated by the System Upgrade Controller to a Kubernetes [container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/pod-v1/#Container)  
specification. This is the container responsible of running an OS upgrade.
```
